Name:
Basic Ielts Reading
Price:
137.060 đ
Sale amount:

Product code:
9786043778915
Category:
Sách tiếng Việt Sách học ngoại ngữ Tiếng Anh Luyện Thi IELTS 
description:
Exam preparation is a vital period for candidates who wish to obtain an internationally-recognised certificate, specifically the IELTS one. Such candidates will find it less stressful if they can have relevant and beneficial materials in hand. Basic IELTS — Listening, Reading, Speaking, and Writing have, consequently, been designed to meet your demand.
Basic IELTS series aim at
providing IELTS candidates with a basic English language ability,
enlarging candidates’ stock of vocabulary, and
giving candidates insight into the social life and culture of the English-speaking communities.
Basic IELTS series are suitable for those who want to achieve a band score of 3.5-4.5 in the IELTS test. They are also practical materials for high school students, students of pre-intermediate level, and for those who want to build up a solid foundation in their English language competence.
The main features of this series of books are as follows:
Designed in accordance with the content, format and objectives of the IELTS test
Reflecting the updated IELTS question types
Meeting the demand and expectations of the focused candidates
Containing authentic, interesting, and rewarding materials
As far as Basic IELTS Reading is concerned, it is arranged into three parts with a total of 19 units whose themes centre upon general, scientific, cultural and social issues of the English-speaking communities and the world. Especially, varied and well-designed tasks which are typical in the IELTS Reading test are provided so as to facilitate actual tests in the most effective way. Moreover, lists of new words and their phonetic symbols added at the end of each reading passage and also at the end of the book will help you to improve your pronunciation as well as to remember spelling, which is essential for your productive skills.
An Answer Key booklet is also included so that you can check your work and see your progress and achievement.
Basic IELTS Reading certainly meets the need of candidates who will sit the Academic Module, but General Training Module candidates can also find it very useful.
On completion of Basic IELTS Reading, you will be able to
do typical tasks in the IELTS Reading test,
apply useful tips and techniques in answering questions of the IELTS Reading test,
be well prepared for gaining a higher score in your actual exam, and
achieve your desired band score in the near future.
Hopefully, you will find Basic IELTS Reading truly helpful and rewarding, and you can eventually achieve your desired goal.
