Name:
Combo Complete IELTS B2: Student's Book + Workbook (with answer & Audio CD)
Price:
362.159 đ
Sale amount:
Đã bán 179
Product code:
combo-9781107695962-9781107675452
Category:
Foreign books Dictionaries & Languages ELT: Learning Material & Coursework ELT Examination Practice Tests 
description:
Combo Complete IELTS B2: Student's Book + Workbook (with answer & Audio CD)
1. Complete IELTS B2 Workbook with answer & Audio CD
Complete IELTS combines the very best in contemporary classroom practice with stimulating topics aimed at young adults wanting to study at university. Complete IELTS Bands 4-5 prepares students for the IELTS test at B1 (foundation level). It is designed to introduce students to the critical thinking required for IELTS and provide strategies and skills to maximise their score. The information, practice and advice contained in the course ensure that they are fully prepared for all parts of the test. The Workbook with Answers with Audio CD features reading, writing and listening exercises with answer key for homework. It provides further practice in the Student's Book grammar and vocabulary and contains an Audio CD and recording scripts for the Workbook.
2. Complete IELTS B2 Student's Book with answer & CD-Rom
Complete IELTS combines the very best in contemporary classroom practice with stimulating topics aimed at young adults wanting to study at university. The Student's Pack is ideal for self-study. It consists of the Student's Book with Answers with CD-ROM * The Class Audio CDs ( is not included in Student's Book) which contain all the material for the listening activities. The Student's Book with Answers contains 8 topic-based units with stimulating activities to ensure that students gain skills practice for each of the four papers of the IELTS exam. It also contains a complete IELTS practice test to allow students to familiarise themselves with the format of the exam. The CD-ROM contains additional skills, grammar, vocabulary and listening exercises.
1. Complete IELTS B2 Student's Book with answer & CD-Rom
2. Complete IELTS B2 Workbook with answer & Audio CD
